"I'd like to bless the teachings that we went through this month. I'd like to do some prayer and
then bless with the text and I have all those teachings what we went through is here and as well as
more others, so I'd like to put this and talk with the teachings of the Munto practices, those who
are all I will bless. I will bless."
So we all come up and then you are. And then bless, I have, Nori has prepared that to show you is
not something too exciting things, but yet it is quite important.
My father, he used to do a lot of pause stations and early his life, I mean not early life, in the
mid sixties he'd been doing every day one thousand pause stations, long pause stations, every day,
really.
And kind of, after a while, he was doing so many pause stations, and he got something here bumpy,
bumpy in a hard high sport. Usually you can get that.
The pause people who do pause stations from all the way to Lhasa, that your rumba stages really get
that. I mean, it's just sometimes, because it's touching all the time on the floor, all the ground.
So he got that. But then, in the day living, we got there, and the doctors told that he couldn't do
that many pause stations.
So he reduced the 500 pause stations. That would be every day, every, I mean, he used to do it in
the night time, get up two o'clock in the morning, and he is doing pause stations.
And in India, not like this, luckily so many, not all India, but many, more than people, had just
shared the rooms, one room or two rooms that really shared by many.
So I also sleep with him in the same room, and in the midnight, he got up and did the pause station
, about 500 pause stations, every night time he does.
So, and then afterward, again, it's the doctors told, shouldn't do that many, all that. So he
reduced, I think, 200 something, maybe 50 or around that one.
So that he'd been doing all the time. And so this is what?
Captain.
That's what we've been doing in the cabin that we rented in the deal in nearby day, and the floor
is like, tick.
What's the tick word?
Tick wood.
It's very hard because that's what this name is called in the address of what they use, Purgany C
ottage.
Purgany Cottage?
Purgany Cottage.
I heard in British time, those, those offices built that, and they used it, maybe in summertime or
whatever.
So they led some residents to that area, bought that house, so this owned by them.
But the structures are all those really beautiful and tick wood flowers.
So this is the tick wood flower, and that he made all stations, all the time.
He's a foot friend. He did all those great master's foot print on solid stones.
But here, he made the foot print by his effort.
That's difficult. So this is what really?
This is the toes.
This is the toes. I think, this is the, I believe, left leg toe.
That's a big toe.
Big toe, and this is the small toes toe, and this is the ankle, and this is the right leg.
Like big toe, and this is that, and that ankle.
So this is the ankle.
He did this.
This, this, this is very positive.
And the back leg is small.
Yeah, yeah.
So this, that's it.
And so then when we moved, or when he decided to come, this country,
and then children would get asked to the landlord, everything came,
because all the floor is now, I can't really spoil it for them.
So it was okay to change that.
We would replace the new floor, and then take this.
They said, yes, that's okay.
So that's where we go.
Good.
And so that, that also you can see a close up,
and I will put this text with my prayers.
To you, up and then we dedicate the money.
Okay.